	For week 1 discussion post, we will talk about the differences between class and objects. It is wrong to state that objects and classes are similar. They are related but not similar at all. The class defines the parameters needed to create the object or we can think of the class as a blueprint or template. The object then, would be the resulting creation or output when the blueprint is followed. Another important thing to note, is that no memory is allocated for a class. Memory allocation occurs once an object is created. 
	Classes can be methods, constructors, variables or a combination of all. Objects are tied to the classes, however, there can be multiple objects for the same class. This is useful in that it allows different values to be stored.  Objects aren’t necessarily needed. So why then were they created and preferred? Well, to have multiple instances of data, you would need to have a class for each. That would be very time-consuming. Instead, it is much wiser to create a class that can build objects for you. 
	So how does it all work together? As stated before, the class can be the variables, constructor or method or a combination of all. Lets say you have a class that consists of all three, the variables would be initialized but no value added. The constructor is basically the input template of the information you will be providing for each object. The method is the process you designed to be done. All you would need to do then is to provide the object parameters. For example, if you created a class called Coworker that would contain the variable for names of coworkers, your object would be Coworker c1 = new Coworker (“Aaron”) Coworker c2 = new Coworker(“ted”).Instead of creating a class just to have the second name ted, you utilize a class as template and simply add in the parameters for Ted. 
